yeah it's very peaceful of the ocean
very good those could be on my nerdy
tough you guys think of them something
to write it down underneath there write
a minor detail peaceful cool any other
bit of feelings what tops that you have
good
try thing if you're owned as well
alright the next one require a way
reason number two please has anybody
else gone fishing no fishing pole okay
does anybody's family like to go fishing
on the D or ice fishing you've got ice
fishing no plus your family okay so
let's think about maybe we've seen it on
TV people who go fishing how do you feel
of course they feel very good why do you
think they feel good when they go
fishing yeah why put it again yeah when
you go fishing what do you get
we get a lot of fish that makes us feel
good right what do we do with the fish I
catch a fish and then what do I do yeah
eat that fish does that make me feel
good yeah I call my own food today that
would make me feel ver what else do they
do when they go fishing there's usually
one person or many people many people so
what do those people do together only
fish just if they're mixed yeah they
would talk they come over say anything
else maybe talk and eat they have a good
time right okay so one thing of a minor
detail what we do when we go fishing how
we would feel when we go fishing let's
write that underneath